Title: Budget-Organizer-App

Background: Managing personal finances is obligatory and incredibly hard. The difficulty comes not from dealing with numbers but in rejecting what the numbers tell us; this app intends to be a prototype for a different approach to this problem.

Installation: There is no installation process. Some extensions are necessary if the code is interpreted with Python, like Matplotlib,  Numpy, and PyQt5. The app will run whether the text files are in the current folder since it should generate all of them without any error. If the user intends to access previously entered information, the text files containing this information should be in the current folder. Any manual modification of these files will generate errors when running the app.

Using the App: Once the app is working, the user is prompted with three options, create an account(if it is the first time working with the app), log in (accessing the user profile if the user's info is on the text files) and closing the program. From them, the user will be provided with all the necessary information about how to use the app, and the app should not crash. By no means would the user be required to input any sensitive personal information, and the author recommends limiting the inputs to only the minimum necessary to obtain the financial picture. For this reason, the inputs to any hypothetical situation are not saved in the system since it was not considered essential for the author.

Kind Reminder: This project was developed for educational purposes, and the author does not hold any degree in finance or economy or any license to provide others with financial advice. Following any recommendations generated by the app was designed to show that the author met the knowledge to implement a conditional decision tree in computer programming rather than provide accurate financial advice.

For Developers: If the idea interests you in any way or you just saw an unbearable to the eye beginner mistake, please fix it and feel free to contribute as much as you want. This project needs both financial and designer/developer knowledge. However, as someone who may not have too much-programing knowledge but is still the author of this project, I would like to share that I firmly believe that, as programmers, we should make user's life easier and not ours. Please do not scare someone who may be using this software to interpret two digits integer numbers raising an exception with a memory address( I hated this when I was a kid trying to run my videogame), which the user will not fix either way; if this is necessary for the debugging process I would appreciate that they are not present in the final version.
